Go for this section.
As we're moving let's actually open up our own.
Right.
So this is already finished version right.
Let's open up the file that we're actually working on.
And so if I'm going to go here and in this nation you know and this is going to be here years ago.
Right.
So this is what we have so far.
All right.
Does it matter how I'm scrolling right.
This is always going to look like this.
And that's not something that we want.
Right.
So what we're going to do here is we're going to go back to see assess and we're going to apply some
rules.
Right.
And this section is going to be probably the most interesting right.
But also most challenging because there's going to be a lot of things to worry about.
Right.
So here we're going to say media I'm not going to say screen.
So basically we're saying only when the screen changes the side.
Right here we're going to say men with here.
776.
Right so 776 pixels.
And once we have this one over here we would want to say that side have real links right.
And remember these links right.
By default they were just plain and because we wanted to work with this oh here button right now what
I would want to do here is site nav links and what I'm going to say we're here display.
Right.
And block but because this button is actually clicking it right and it is actually hiding.
Not only we need the right side display.
Block we also need to write important.
Right.
And then for sure we all are writing.
So right.
Because otherwise I write it if we're going to hide it with the button we're not going to be able to
see.
All right.
So let's see how it works.
Right.
So as I go to the bigger screen right.
Let me refresh.
You can see the links are always going to be here.
All right.
Once I go through the smaller ones that display not right again if I'm going to let's say between this
important point here and let's refresh right now we can see that it said the links would be gone.
All right so I'm going to hide the links in here like this.
Once we go to the bigger screen they're not appearing.
I mean this is the reasoning for this.
Important.
All right so we're going to say we're here important then once we have the important now what we would
want is a side button to actually be gone.
Right.
So this guy we don't need it anymore.
So we're going to say on our side between.
And we're going to say this play I'm going to say on here like this.
All right.
So if we're going to go to the bigger screen.
Sure enough we can see that this one is gone right.
So the links always appear right but the button is actually gone right now after that we would want
is you remember this The button called the nav button we actually would want.
It's all going to say now have BT and we're going to say this display and we're going to say block or
like this.
Right.
So again we have it over here right.
And you can see the button.
Right.
So everything is work.
Now remember when we said this as flex direction column for the whole body.
Now for the bigger screen is actually going to change this.
I'm going to say body and I'm going to say men right.
And again we're going to do a hundred View Heights like this this play and we're going to say flex like
this.
However now we're going to change the flex directional direction.
I'm going to say roll it right.
And let's see what we have there.
Fresh right.
You can see that I'm slowly but surely starting to get over here and to look that out right now.
The next one wouldn't be side in half.
I remember the first deciding that was this guy.
All right.
So I'm going to ride side of here and I'm going to say flex and 0 0 0 shrink and 20 percent or hear
basis on here I'm right then I'm going to say men height 100 new heights.
All right.
So we always made him across a whole screen and the background we're going to say like this.
This is going to be c c 9 and C I want to say right now refresh.
Now I can see what we have all right.
Now we got first outside now or here right now the questioning or here is this border or right.
So maybe the actual value messed up or here maybe added some little paddings or here or something like
this right.
So we're going to figure this one out.
Right so how to get them actually even.
So we're going to do more here than often the sign of what we would want is to work with the main.
So we decided now was the first.
All right.
Now we need to deal with me.
So here with the main We're going to say like this.
Right.
So I'm going to say flex this and for the flex I'm going to say this is going to be 0 0 80 percent.
When you doing this display.
And we're actually going to say flex on here like this but display flex is going to be column.
So I'm going to say flex direction and that's going to be column.
So basically what's going to happen I'm going to make sure that they're stacking one one on top of each
other.
This guy is Guy and oranges guy.
All right.
So here let's refresh and let's see what we have so far.
So this is what we have so far.
Then after that what we would want is logo container plays this logo here in the center because this
is what we have here.
So what are going to have over here is we're going to have a logo here logo.
And we're going to say container like this and we're going to say justify content.
And this is going to be center here and then or here the last thing that we would want to do is have
a class of margin right.
And this class of margin is going to be margin left and this is going to be negative 20 percent.
Now why I'm adding this class of negative percent.
So basically what I want is set up to query.
So the moment I press this button this side I was going to get all of this margin class more here and
it's going to go actually over here and the actual body.
All right.
The main is actually going to grow.
Right.
This is what I want right some this.
This will be what I would want.
However there is a little bit of issue right because we're working with here with a curso or curso and
it's using absolute values.
We also need to add over here something like this right.
What we would need to have is Max with and we're going to say 80 with you.
Right.
Because otherwise if we're if we don't say this right our counsel is going to be spending very very
long on the site.
And so basically it's going to be using all the space and we're going to have to do a lot of scrolling.
All right.
So here we need to right.
Important.
So far right.
For this main to that is important if you're going to be using now if you're not using Elgar's all doesn't
matter.
But if you're using all curso this is the way to actually make sure that our carrousel is not doing
the scrolling effect right where you have basically you can scroll for like ages to actually get to
the center.
Right.
Because they're using the absolute values and we are using the flex values right.
So there's a difference here.
Right now we're here.
Let's deal first with this marginal.
Right.
So here we're going to have a margin left.
Now what I would also wouldn't want to do right is to have a little bit of another class right which
would be transition.
But let's maybe do first the script.
All right let's add this these classes.
All right.
So I'm going to go to my script.
Now I would need to add a few more Javascript rules or.
Right.
So here first what I'm going to say is that this was a side and so I'm going to make a common side.
Now I've signed button and I've been doing this because I messed up right.
So this is going to be signed between now.
This was the rule for this I'd be you know here we're going to write a Nav. median.
Right.
And what we were going to write over here.
First of all going to say on here that this is going to be Dollar Sign here and this is going to be
have between one second look at something should happen.
So I'm going to say we're here click that console click here and I'm going to say function and the function
is going to be print and curly braces right then I'm going to say Dollar Sign here like this and I'm
going to say side now.
And because once I click the button the first thing that I would want to do is do something with the
site now.
Right.
So here I'm going to say right now and we're going to say we're here and this is going to be a doggle
class.
So we're going to say toggle class and the class is going to be margin.
I remember this class is going to be created.
Right.
The last one or here this morning class or here like this.
So what's going to happen is when we're going to toggle this class of margin.
So what's this one here.
Let's go to the bigger screen.
Let's refresh and let's see what we have right now we can see what happens.
Right.
Every time I click it it actually disappears.
Right now there's two important things right.
First we need to make sure that this margin is actually included or here with this media screen.
All right.
Let me show you why.
So if I present this right and if you're going to have this margin over here.
Right.
What is going to happen is that as I'm going back right you can see that this is always going to be
still gone.
Right.
It's not going to show up anyway.
All right.
So let's say even if I press the button right.
What I would want is still the side and I've always to be here right.
Otherwise if you're not going to write this margined class in actual media equerry what's going to happen
you going to press the button.
Right.
And as you scroll back to the small screen this actually is going to be somewhere lower still the margin
is going to be happening right.
So we only want this margin class to be effective after this screen right now.
Once we're done with this also what you would want is for the whole side now.
Right we're going to say right.
This is going to be a side note.
And we would want that commission to take over time right.
So I'm going to say side of this and we're going to say this is going to be a transition transition
and let's just right and this is going to be Marjan transition to seconds and we're going to say.
All right will say this will refresh and I can see what's going to happen.
All right now this is going to take time actually over two seconds.
All right.
So as I'm pressing on here right you can see that there are going to be appearing.
Now once we're done with this then the next thing we would want to do is actually change it over here.
Right.
You can see or hear it first.
Who would want to have this change right as I'm clicking the button I would want these bars to actually
do something.
Right.
So I'm going to go back to script Geass here.
This is going to be outside of here we're going to have a dollar sign right hand will going to say that
we would want for our now button right.
Now of between.
All right what should happen or here we're going to second toggle.
We're going to say class called class and we're going to say change.
Remember to change clubs that were created in the very very beginning right with our bars.
So I'm going to press it over here refresh.
Now I can see that not only the actual science is disappearing but also our numbers over here are appearing
right now.
What I also would want to do is add here this next class which is going to be max with right to my body
to my actual main point.
So I would need to first create this Max with class and then I need to actually add it to the main.
So let's go ahead and let's actually first add the max with class and then we're going to add it to
the man.
We're going to go here.
Right.
And we're going to say and this is going to be mainsheet assess.
And again somewhere underneath here let's say inside now we're going to create a Manics with class and
all here and we're going to write and this is going to be a max width here Max width and we're going
to say this is going to be 100 you with us or here right here we're going to and this is going to be
again important here and then we'll have a padding meant zero and 20 right.
And again what we would want to do is I mean as we click the button we would want to add this to our
main right because you can see or hear that once they click at the main and somewhere here right.
We would put a macro on call or you would be able to see.
Right.
So what are you going to do here is going to say once I click the button.
The third thing that should happen is we're going to select all here the main line.
So first we're going to select the main.
So we're going to say Main and then we're going to say again toggle class and we're going to say target
class and the class is going to be max with more here.
Right.
So we save this and once we refresh and now I can see that we just need to work on some things over
here right.
But the actual Max with glasses actually had it right.
Now we're obviously going to double check once we're all going to hide.
Here are our carso whether everything works right.
So for now.
Just leave it like it is right with this Max with.
And then once we had our carrousel then we're actually going to be able to see everything better right
now.
The thing is over here there are a few things that I would want to fix right first.
What I would want to do over here is this text right.
Because so far I would just have the feature right.
That would be one thing and another thing that I would want to do is actually I want to add or here
is a you can see that this this is non-matching so far right.
So again if we're going to go Natcore here and specked And if we can have a look right.
This one says over here and this is now container's want all four.
All right.
So we already know that we would need to go back here on where the top is and was going to have one
of four right over and say this.
And now they should actually be matched.
Right.
And sure enough now I can see that they exactly marked right now.
Another one let's change the next door here.
So I'm going to go back to index actually now and we're going to change the table going to saying this
is going to be featured.
Right well I'm sorry.
The first one is going to be featured here on this.
Then we're going to say that this is going to be a great year for you.
Then the next one is going to be so west so on your list then after that we're going to have a TV in
the room here.
Then I to know we're going to have like and this is going to be an old
no.
And this guy's going to be her or her history.
So I'm going to say Play history right.
So we said this is FRESH here now have featured radio songless TV and liked them down.
So not that we are ready with this.
Now we can go on and actually had all these moments here like this.
Right.
And then we can add the actual So.